---
title: Community Theatre
---
**Division Chair**: Noah Taylor, <mailto:j.noah.taylor@gmail.com>

The Community Theatre Division of SCTA is committed to connecting, creating, and cultivating community theatre across our beautiful state. We are artists sharpening each other and supporting all the hard work that goes into community theatre. We recognize the exceptional work that comes from community playhouses and organizations across South Carolina. We connect passionate artists and leaders who pour their time and talents into their communities through theatre. We advocate for the success and support of community theatres in SC. Through SCTA’s Community Theatre Division, community theatres and artists can grow, connect, and actively contribute to the greater narrative of theatre in South Carolina!

## How can you get involved with the Community Theatre Division in 2019?

* SCTA’s **Unified Auditions** are scheduled for **February 22-23, 2020 at Greenville Theatre**. The top theatre directors and producers in the area will gather to search for hundreds of actors, designers, and technicians for the 2020-2021 theatre season. Registration for actors and technicians opens December 1, 2019 – stay tuned for details. If your community theatre would like to be involved in casting and hiring, please contact me for more information.
* The **2019 Awards Gala** will take place on **February 22 at Furman University**. This is a great opportunity for all SC theatre artists to network and recognize the amazing work being done across our state. If you know an artist, teacher, or organization who deserves recognition for their contributions to theatre in SC, you can nominate them up until September 30, 2019
* The SCTA **Annual Convention** is scheduled for **November 15-17, 2019 at Francis Marion University**, Florence, SC. This is a unique opportunity for community theatre leaders and artists to learn in workshops, connect with other artists, find inspiration, and participate in one-of-a-kind opportunities with artists from across the state.
* Part of each Annual Convention is the **Nonprofit Summit**, a collaboration between the Community and Professional divisions. Leaders from nonprofit theatres across the state come together to discuss topics that are relevant to our work and lives as artists. Past topics include “Producing Socially Responsible Theatre in SC: Using Your Voice Without Losing Your Audience”, “Harnessing the Talent of Millennials”, and “Are We Connecting to Our Community?” Stay tuned for details about the 2019 summit – we would love to see you there!
* The Community Theatre Division’s flagship program is the annual **Community Theatre Festival**. South Carolina’s community theatres are invited to submit and perform one-hour productions at the convention each fall. This offers theatres the opportunity to share their work with other artists, receive professional feedback, and compete for awards in acting, design, direction, and overall production. Winners at the SCTA Community Theatre Festival will move on to represent South Carolina at SETC (the Southeastern Theatre Conference) and possibly at AACT (the American Association of Community Theatre).

Whether you are part of a community theatre that’s new to SCTA, a veteran organization, or you’re starting a new community theatre, let SCTA’s Community Theatre Division help you connect, cultivate, and create in 2019.
